hello here is again make yourself
with josche it's time again z promis
frolicking in the jungle
here I would have to australia we
make here that our own look
times
of course we need one now
few things are possible every day
Feel like a godsome tomato
glibberige cyr that you need on each
case then any containers i have
you old children taken narros glasses
I still had the examiner the same
still on
then you have to fumble in and
course, correct jungle testing moderately
there is a treasure chest and a small one
closed earlier with a key
I show you what it is all about
equal then there's still a pretty
glasses he then put on a candidate
must be straight with the disgust
I think one could think of it now
Moderate here today is a cooking studio
but not what we do here
the ultimate jungle exam for too
home
this is great for children's birthdays or
just in between first
So take the glasses here now
I have a label glued on man
behind such a small peephole I have
of course I have something again
It is now twelve years of preparation
I thought about glasses and for that
you can play later
use two cubes
So you can do it here in front
now just have the label image
It's such a small peephole and here
on top of the lids now easy
with the edding the numbers on it
Write from one to twelve
so the most beautiful is of course only now
times fill the
crocodile floor prakti finds that in
crocodile floor squat properly thought
from everything full you here so limited
the boys also feel disgusting
monkeys uri that is already mad
tiger mandarin will also feel great
disgusting offer I have two more
glasses now on ne and I was in front
still in the zoo and has it
what worried I'll be right back
tadaa fetched for 299 at the zoo
more beetles larvae look
and this is my favorite rose beetle
run very disgusting and very
easy
this will be my last two so far
barely a few more
so now the glasses are filled and
Now the real game can do that
jungle check finally start
beautiful is very important
Of course the treasure chest children love
I already have sweets here
so packed and that must of course
be closed nicely
with a chain and a
Padlock as real as in real
jungle
That's the key
where I supposed purely times
simply in the 12 that consumes that
most disgusting class
so a little deco on now
It can be done and there it is
start
which of course is important
just a bit of potting soil here
purely tilt it so that really nice
jungle looks moderate and beautiful now
put the glasses in there now
home win so with the game I finished
that now who has to find the key
handy and he'll put it back on now
in
ok so the third dice is mine
key
O
the finger
I thought a book present to the game
think so
that was really nice again
vividly I do not have the way
always here so mothers for sure
sometimes a very different one very much
burial, for example, if office
Baluard is the one for everyone
Answer or with colleagues Alex